Welcome to my GitHub page! 

I'd like to discuss a little bit of background information on myself and some of the motivation behind why I decided to jump on and share some of the projects I've worked on or are currently working on. I promise, it will be brief.

My first (and technically only) formal programming experience was in Fortran 95 through a computer programming course that I enrolled in while at the University of Florida pursuing a Bachelor's of Science in Physics. Every programming or scripting language that I've picked up since then (e.g., C++, Python, and Powershell) has been entirely self taught, mostly through a combination of reverse engineering other code and trial by error. I mention this not as a point of pride, but more as a warning that the formalism, conventions, or other aspects of my code probably aren't anywhere near the level of a devoted full-time programmer. That being said, I thoroughly enjoy programming and generally try to make my code organized, easy to interpret, and with explanatory comments both for myself and for anyone to offer constructive criticism on what I can improve.

As you've probably gathered, my day job is not as a programmer; I am currently a Supply Officer in the Navy. I'm also pursuing a Master's of Science in Systems Engineering through the University of Central Florida with the hope of someday transitiong to a more engineering/science related career following my Naval service. I'm also an active Amateur (Ham) Radio operator with an Extra Class license. The majority of my recent projects are Systems Engineering or Amateur (Ham) Radio related.
